note about falling back to mavlink 1 (#3989)
ArduPilot/ardupilot_wiki: common/source/docs/common-telemetry-landingpage.rst

information based upon your set-up.

.. note:: Some RC systems incorporate telemetry in addition to RC control

> .. note:: Ardupilot versions before 4.2 will automatically fall back to back to mavlink1 if mavlink 2 is selected and no mavlink 2 data is received from the groundstation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. note:: Ardupilot will automatically fall back to back to MAVLink1 if MAVLink 2 serial port protocol is selected and no MAVLink 2 data is received from the groundstation in response
```

Reviewer: I put changing this wording in the future wiki changes list for 4.2....with this change it can go into main wiki

Author: looks good
